[v9.5.x] docs: update email sharing feature info (#69154)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/dashboards/dashboard-public/index.md

# Public dashboards

{{% admonition type="note" %}}

> This feature is in public preview.

Author: ```suggestion
This feature is experimental.
```

## Email sharing

{{% admonition type="note" %}}

> Available in public preview in [Grafana Cloud Pro and Advanced](/docs/grafana-cloud). Please contact support to have the feature enabled.

Author: ```suggestion
This feature is experimental in [Grafana Cloud Pro and Advanced](/docs/grafana-cloud). Please contact support to have the feature enabled. This feature will have a cost by active users after being promoted into general availability.
```

{{% /admonition %}}

> Email sharing allows you to share your public dashboard with only specific people via email, instead of having it accessible to anyone with the URL.

Author: The pricing information isn't in the docs, just in the What's new. But we can add in both doc sets if you want it there.

## Limitations

> - Panels that use frontend datas ources will fail to fetch data.

Author: ```suggestion
- Panels that use frontend data sources will fail to fetch data.
```
```suggestion
- Panels that use frontend data sources will fail to fetch data.
```
